Hahaha Lu Xuan's coronation ceremony
Listen to what he's saying
They're killing us.
Zhang Yufei, your brain is flooded
A simp like him is crowned
I think he can wear a cuckold too
As a sister, I advise you
Quickly get rid of this garbage
Now the emperor and Li Shao are always good
Reds around you
With Li Shao, your glory and wealth
I appreciate your kindness.
Even if Li Shao is the dragon and phoenix among the people
The only person I like is Lu Xuan
Only Lu Xuan
No nonsense
Do it now
Xuanjian Si Lin Jiaqiang will take them down for me
Blue Phoenix, are you crazy?
Do you know what you are doing?
You moved me today
You all have to die
Ah you are courting death
Eternal Lord will not let go of your orders
Well, you are lucky today
I'll show you what the ice master will do to me
Ok?
You have the final say
Let's go take them with us
Hey, Lord Soldier
Jiang Yufei and my experience with Lu Xuan
Please fly to Beijing.
You are the right-hand man of me and Guangzhi
Don't worry, the soldier is right
It's the little things.
Hahaha, the soldier master will not let you go.
Father Lan, you are fucking crazy